---
name: asana-executable-project
description: "Create or repair a routine Asana project that must be ready for a person to start now, with visible assigned actions, dates, and verified execution order."
---

# Asana Executable Project

1. Read the complete assignment source before changing Asana, including attached text files and linked governing instructions. Extract the exact project name, team, scope units, roles, dates, links, preserved or accepted work, sections, handoff method, and final acceptance check. If the source is unavailable or conflicts with the chat summary, stop and resolve that gap instead of building from a guessed generic scope.
2. Read the live project, incomplete tasks, and named workers. Confirm the Asana identity, workspace, target team, exact assignee and reviewer accounts, duplicate status, and which existing tasks the requester has kept, completed, or rejected; do not revive or duplicate rejected work. When repairing a wrong project, preserve its link when useful, remove unrelated tasks from that project without deleting their original records, and verify the corrected team and scope.
3. Turn the source into an action map before creating tasks. Use one visible main task per named work unit when the requester must see and track those units separately; use one main task only when the work truly belongs together. For every unit, define the worker, reviewer, deadline, direct source link, accepted work to preserve, executable steps, exact proof or return, review gate, and completion rule.
4. Create the execution structure before calling the project ready. Create every executable step as an individual action subtask assigned to its worker and due by the requested date. Put constraints and context in the main description, not the only copy of the work. Use real subtask sections for multi-stage work and real dependency links only where order matters; do not make independent work units wait on one another. Do not use unassigned heading tasks as fake sections.
5. Keep assignment wording plain and executable. Each action subtask states what the named worker does, what they return, where they put it, the due date, what may continue, what must wait, who decides uncertain items, and the completion rule. For file cleanup, preserve uncertain material in a clearly named review folder and require approval before deletion; never turn cleanup into silent data loss.
6. Read the result back from Asana against the extracted acceptance check. Confirm every named work unit is a visible incomplete main task in the correct project section, assigned to the exact worker, due on the requested date, and linked to the correct source. Read every subtask list back to verify action ownership, reviewer ownership, real section labels, display order, preserved-work warnings, and intended dependencies. Correct any mismatch and read it back again; never infer a complete setup from counts alone.
7. Perform the requested handoff through the approved communication route. Treat an Asana assignment as tracking, not proof that an agent started. Confirm delivery to the worker or report the exact routing problem and the smallest human action needed; do not claim receipt from assignment alone.
8. Report the project link, confirmed team, direct links to every visible main task, workflow, reviewer responsibility, deadline, source-of-truth record updates, and verified handoff status. Never say the project is ready when executable work exists only in a description or when the source acceptance check is not visibly satisfied.
